[♪...]
KITE: Hey, Hart, look.
I brought your favorite, little
brother, hot chocolate.
Go on, take a sip.
Hart: But where, are we?
Don't you recognize
this cottage?
Think back, we lived here when
we were growing up.
We did?
I can't remember.
Well, I remember how much
happier you were back then.
Nothing could get you down.
You were always laughing
and telling jokes
But something happened, kid.
You changed.
And I know who did this to you.
Mr. Heartland: Oh
so sorry to interrupt
this brotherly reunion.
But I'm afraid it's time for
Hart to get back to work.
He needs to rest.
You're pushing Hart WAY too far.
Don't you see, you have
to take it easy on him.
That may be.
All the same, dr.Faker insists
that Hart keep working.
He won't!
Stay out of this, Kite.
This mission is way too
important for me to give up now.
But Hart
don't worry about me Kite.
I'm the only one with the power
to save our world, Kite.
I want to do whatever
I can to help.
I know.
It's settled then!
Dr. Faker will be
thrilled to know you're back
on the job, Hart!
And I'm sure Kite will get back
to work tracking down the
numbers we need.
Isn't that right?
You do want your brother
to get better, don't you?
♪ As life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ down and down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams from dieing ♪
♪ I hi-Five the skys ♪
♪ spread my wings say
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe...♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future is
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breathe my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'm taking a chance today ♪
YUMA: Whoa!
Too cool!
Ow, that wasn't too cool.
You're sayin' there's a
full-Size airship
Parked inside my key?
ASTRAL: Correct.
Whoa.
That must be one tight squeeze.
Clearly that key comes from a
place far different
from this world.
When your parents gave it to
you, they may have realized it
contained many mysteries.
Cool.
So how do we get the
ship out of the key?
I do not know.
You see the airship has been
constructed like
a gigantic puzzle.
I am convinced that the numbers
we have been gathering are the
secret to solving this puzzle.
If we succeed in
gathering up all of them
then we shall see.
Numbers, huh?
Get it in gear, orbital 7!
We're going number
hunting again.
Hey, you lazy hunk of junk.
Wake up!
I said wake up!
Orbital 7: I wasn't sleeping
just resting my sensors!
Yeah, right.
Have you finished up that report
yet, listing all the duelists
who have number cards?
Er, I kind of forgot.
Your memory circuits
must be failing.
Maybe it's time I traded
you in for a newer model.
Please don't do that!
I'll whip up that report
in a flash, you'll see!
I promise!
While you're at it, find
me the original number.
The original?
Yes.
Dr. Faker says there was an
original visitor who brought the
numbers to this planet.
I suspect, this mysterious
Visitor may have found
a host in heartland city.
A host, huh?
I think I have it!
Remember That boy
yuma you challenged?
I noticed something
during your duel.
He was wearing
a strange pendant.
I'm running a
computer analysis now
what does it say?
It confirms that the pendant did
not come from this planet.
Really?
Orbital!
Locate Yuma and gather as much
information on him as you can.
And Please do not
make me ask twice!
I'm on it, boss!
Our next duel will
be yuma's last.
Out of my way!
Comin' through!
I'm gonna be late
for swimming class again!
SHARK: That yuma,
always running behind.
Mr. Kay: Hi there, shark!
I'm glad to see you
decided to come back to school.
So was yuma the one who
helped to change your mind?
He certainly does seem to have a
talent for influencing others.
I can't explain why.
Maybe it's his positive attitude
but something about yuma brings
out the best in people.
Wouldn't you agree
with that, shark?
Whatever.
Friend a: You think yuma Will
belly-Flop off
the high dive again?
TORI: Who knows
friend B: He never learns.
Tell me about it.
Caswell: Back off from
the pool, yuma!
But I wanna dive.
Not while you're
endangering the rest of us!
Take that thing off!
Why should I?
it is a safety Hazard.
Lose it or move it!
You're bein' ridiculous.
Cathy: I agree with yuma.
I hate to side
with Caswell here.
But remember your
high dive last week?
You really
stuck that landing
get me?
Stuck it?
I totally belly-Flopped.
You stuck that thing right here!
Man!
Like it's my fault Caswell's
head got in the way.
I should be more careful
with this key though.
Not only is it incredibly
valuable and mysterious
but it's sort of like
astral's home, too.
Maybe I can learn
something from yuma.
I feel so trashy
in this disguise.
That locker room should be
around here somewhere
numbers hold the
secret, to this ship
and also to my memories.
We have ten number cards so far.
Some have left me with more
questions than answers.
And that truly concerns me.
My memory is weak.
I will need even more
number cards if I am going
to solve the
mysteries that surround me.
This must be the locker room.
I can tell by the odor.
Now which locker is yuma's?
Target identified.
Sorry but finders, keepers!
That was too easy.
This doesn't belong to you.
I was just, uh
borrowing it from
my good Buddy yuma.
Give it back or he'll be mad!
I think you're a lying thief.
That was a big mistake.
I look puny outside,
but inside I pack a lot
of dangerous surprises!
Now hand it over shorty
or I'll start drilling for it!
What kind of robot are you?
The nasty kind!
Come back here, coward!
How odd.
Why is it stopping?
The numbers are disengaging.
Why is this occurring?
I sense something is wrong.
I want that pendant!
That's enough, orbital!
I didn't authorize an attack.
I never have fun
why don't you do yourself a
favor and hand that
pendant over to me right now!?
not a chance.
This thing isn't yours pal!
I know, it belongs
to yuma tsukumo.
And how do you know yuma?
Well, let's just say his number
cards Drew my interest.
Oh, I get it.
You must be that number
Hunter I been hearin' about.
So tell me, are you a duelist?
Do you have any number
cards in your possession?
There's one way to find out.
Exactly what I was thinking.
I'll take your number
and that pendant.
This match'll be for double.
Or nothing!
I was totally heading for
trouble until yuma pulled me
back from the Brink.
I owe him big-time.
and today I'm payin' him back.
Okay Hunter, bring it!
Photon Transformation go!
Duel Disk locked and
ready for action!
Yeah!
Duel Gazer go!
Prepare to meet defeat!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
School ANNOUNCER: Security
report to the field house!
Freaky.
Super freaky!
BRONK: Looks like a war zone.
Whoever pulled this prank is in
for some serious detention time.
I can't find it, it's not here!
My key is gone!
Ready?
I'll go first.
Let's do this!
I draw!
Since This guy hunts numbers, I
bet he's gonna build his whole
strategy around them.
But I've got a plan that should
zero out his numbers.
To start, I'll send big jaws to
the graveyard and activate the
shark Lair spell card.
With this in play, your monsters
that have equal or less attack
points than the monster
I sent to the graveyard
can no longer attack!
Shark and big jaws has a
whopping 1800 attack points
Good luck summoning a
monster with more attack
points that that.
Next up, I summon shocktopus!
Then I'll end my turn
with a facedown.
C'mon, Hunter, use a number
watch and learn
from a real duelist.
I draw!
First I activate polymerization!
A spell card?
Yes, that's right and next I'm
gonna use its power to fuse
these two photon lizards,
so that I can summon
twin photon lizard to my field!
As you can see my monster
is way more powerful
than your big jaws!
I didn't count on him not going
straight for an xyz summon.
Looks like I'll have to
play at the top of my game
to out-Duel this guy.
With Twin photon lizard out,
your shark Lair Spell card can't
protect you anymore.
Your pathetic
strategy failed miserably.
Now twin Photon lizard attack!
Go Photon force!
I didn't fail anything
I activate shocktopus'
special ability!
Now shocktpus equips on
to twin photon lizard and
sucks out its strength!
Your lizard not only loses all
its attack points, but it can't
change battle mode
anymore either!
You see that!
It doesn't matter what you try
to throw my way, I'm
always one step ahead!
You played me, but I
played you right back.
Next turn, I'm gonna
take a serious bite out of
your life points!
Well Wipe my drive!
That twerp smacked you down!
I can counter that move easily.
Oh yeah?
I activate twin photon
lizard's special ability!
Now Twin Photon lizard splits
back into two photon lizards!
His level 3 monsters are back.
This can only mean one thing!
I overlay my level 3 photon
lizards in order
to build the overlay network!
I xyz summon, number 30:
Acid golem of destruction!
I was hoping
he'd use a number
and this one has
3000 attack points!
It's the perfect moment
to spring my trap.
I activate splash capture!
Since you xyz summoned, if I
take two fish-Type monsters from
my graveyard and
banish 'em from play
I get control of
your xyz monster!
So now, I banish both
big jaws and shocktopus!
You were so predictable.
I was positive you'd summon one
of your numbers and I was right!
My trap worked like a charm.
You thought acid Golem would
devastate my deck but I just
turned it against you!
Number Hunter, I
now control your acid golem
and all of its power!
Once it strikes, you're through.
Master Kite, you should have let
me take care of him before!
Stay out of this orbital.
If you insist.
It's my move!
I activate the
spell forced release!
Now Acid golem loses all
of its overlay units.
Then I place one card facedown.
And end my turn.
That spell of yours
didn't get you out of danger.
Acid golem still has
3000 attack points.
And I can't wait to use them!
You fool.
Don't use realize that acid
golem is still going
to help me win this duel?!
help you?
Even though you control
it now, acid golem is
still doing my dirty work!
It might have 3000 attack points
But its huge strength is
balanced out
by great weaknesses.
Yeah, like what?
Here's one thing
it must use an overlay
unit each one of your turns
or you take damage.
Two thousand life
points to be exact.
Hold on.
You're forgetting on
thing, number Hunter.
It can still attack!
Now go acid golem!
Start Blasting away!
It can't.
Why not?
Because acid Golem needs overlay
units in order to attack.
So it's powerless now.
You were doomed from the start.
Since I was expecting
you to try and take control of
my number, I set you up.
Guess I'm the one who
fell into a trap then.
That number Hunter
knows his stuff.
Underestimating
him was careless.
This duel is done if I don't
think of something fast.
But what?
It seems hopeless
wait.
Yuma wouldn't give up.
And neither will I!
I play a facedown
and end my turn.
You're up.
And you're going down!
I draw!
I still have a chance.
With my facedown card life
regeneration, I won't take
damage from acid golem's special
ability on my next turn.
That should buy me some time
till I can figure out how
to beat this guy!
I'm activating the
spell, photon sublimation!
So by banishing
two photon monsters
I can draw two more cards.
And that is bad news for
you and your life points!
And now I draw!
I special summon
photon Thrasher!
And next I
summon photon crusher!
But neither one is hanging
around because I have something
bigger and badder in mind!
Prepare yourself!
Wait.
What are you doing?
Just watch!
This next monster can only be
summoned by Tributing 2 monsters
with 2000 or more attack points!
It's quite large, you
might even say astronomical!
Once This monster attacks,
yuma's pendant and your number
will both be mine!
Oh no!
Say hello to
galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
Come on, astral!
Where are you!?
oh man!
That wasn't in
today's weather forecast!
I've never seen a
storm like it before.
I wonder if it's
hey!
Something is happening in the
world outside this key
what is this!?
the hour for action is
approaching
you need the power of
zexal, the power that changes
all darkness into light.
the power of zexal!
There must be some way
out C'mon, think!
It's all over.
Go photon stream of destruction!
Hold up - Why are you
attacking with that monster?
It's impossible!
Galaxy-Eyes isn't a number card.
Only a number can
destroy a number.
Wrong again.
Once acid golem loses its
overlay Units, that rule no
longer applies.
That's why galaxy-Eyes
was free to destroy it.
In that case, you just
made a giant tactical
blunder, didn't you?
With acid golem on the field I
would've taken massive damage.
By destroying it, you
saved me from its curse and
kept me in the duel!
You've already lost.
How's that?
Because you're still under
acid golem's curse.
When it's destroyed, the
duelist controlling it takes
2000 points of damage.
Which means your number card
belongs to me now, along with
Yuma's pendant!
That's can't be.
Please forgive me, yuma.
I'll take that number now.
Along with your soul as well.
I don't understand this.
There is no number.
Shark!
Hello, yuma.
Long time, no see Kite!
Shark!
He's really hurt.
What have you done!?
master Kite, the
photon mode is 85 percent!
No more dueling, please.
It is time to move out!
Relax, we're leaving.
Hey, leave that
alone - It's mine!
Oh No, he's got astral!
Kite, come back here!